This will be a jumbled mess but I'll put in a rough age. I was the definition of a Problem Child (39 years old now). As a kid, I was diagnosed with ADD, ADHD, Depression, Bi-polar, and a lot of other things. Was also on a lot of medication.

My father left when I was a baby and was in and out of my life as a little kid. I was sexually abused when I was between 4-6. Due to my cousin and I being exposed to that we also did things with each other (stopped when we reached the age of knowing it was wrong).

I would torture my sister (5 years younger, born 1986).

I would sit in my room yelling "I wish someone would kill me" (ages 5-12ish).

When I was 10 my mother met my now step-father but because he wasn't my real dad I treated him like absolute garbage. I also only wanted my biological father (AKA bozo).

When I was 8ish my mother was forced to file a PINS (person in need of supervision) on me and I was put in a psychiatric center for a 30-day evaluation. Then I went into the system. I spent some time in foster care (about 18 months). Then I spent time in a residential place. I absolutely hated school which was the main reason for all of this. The other reason was I was a violent kid and didn't listen to any authority.

Things got a little better around the age of 14 (6th grade) when I was able to go to a public school. Made friends was part of all the clicks. I Was best friends with the most popular girl in school but also friends with the nerds. And I hated bullies so they usually got dealt with. Now summer before 8th grade I was given the option of skipping 8th and go directly into 9th. From my schooling mind that was great get done with school a year early. Not a good idea, in reality, cause my friends I had made were no longer there. The ones that made school bearable so I stop participating and not doing the stuff I was supposed to be doing. I also still wanted my biological father. So November 14, 1996 (My youngest sister 1st birthday) I got that wish. My mother and stepfather told me I would be going to live with bozo that coming Saturday (3 days' notice). So I move with bozo his wife and his 2 daughters. I hated it. I was angry as he was married and adopted his wife's kids but wasn't there for his own 2 kids. Also, his wife treated me horrible and bozo and I would get into actual fistfights. Needless to say, I spent as little time as possible there. Now I'm 16 and I put myself in this position so I felt it was mine to deal with so when I talked to my mom and stepfather I would tell them everything was good (It was not). I went to school at 7:45-2:15 (arrived at school around 6:30) then I would work 3pm to 3am. on days off I would hangout with friends. Now November 1998 (Age 17) I was given the ultimatum go to church or pack your shit and get out. I chose out and moved in with a co-worker (Another mistake). The day I turned 18 the police were looking for me as I was being charged with sexual assault of a minor (the older of my stepsisters. A he said she said case).

So 2 years of literal hell because a sex offender gets worse than murder. The case goes to trial they tell their story (Only helps me). And I tell mine (Also only helps). Hung jury and charges dropped and wiped from my record.

Now while all that is going on I was living with my coworker and was constantly being raped by him. I was in a position where there wasn't anything I could do. I lived with him for 3 years and dealt with it because I didn't have an option in my eyes. I had a court case going on and couldn't move. Finally October of 2001 I had the opportunity to get away so I did. Cops got involved he was arrested and after that I don't know what happened because my testimony wasn't needed after I gave the initial statement.

Ok so now 2001 - 2004 nothing really exciting. I am out of my situation (Living with family). I received my GED and did a building trades course. I worked a lot as that was my go-to.

Fast forward to May 2004 I move back home (Mom and stepdad). I work a lot and eventually have my own place and a girlfriend (2006: age 25). I'm not good with relationships so things are extremely rocky but we manage. We find out she is pregnant and I am beyond excited, however mother nature decided against it. The baby had developed in the fallopian tubes and she went in for surgery. Not only did she/we lose the baby but she also had a full hysterectomy. That killed us as she wanted nothing to do with me. I am devastated, luckily for me I had an awesome boss and extremely supportive friends. 3 weeks I am well miserable/depressed. But with the support, I return to work and I move on (Still struggle with it). I couldn't have asked for a better group of coworkers. I'm still friends with one even after all the shit I have put him through (Depression, Anger, Pushing him away).

So now fast-forward a few months (October 2009: age 28). I make my move on a girl I had a crush on and well we start hanging out and things are good. She learns my entire history and still stuck around, the sweetest person I've ever met. We get an apartment together and we also get engaged. All is good for a couple of months but my depression makes a comeback in a huge way. I stop going to work I withdraw and push everyone away including her but she is still there. I treat her like shit. I don't really talk to her and am occasionally violent towards her, yet she is still there. In august of 2010, we find out she is pregnant and is due in March 2011. So that pulls me out of my depression (Temporary). I start looking for work and looking and looking. Now march 24, 2011 my daughter is born and soon after I finally get a job offer and eventually start in June. Life is relatively normal. I have a beautiful daughter and the most caring loving fiance. Now fast-forward yet again to May 2012 and I get fired which through me into another depression. I am miserable and suicidal but I keep everything to myself. I express nothing. I retreat into my own space. Finally after months of this we find out the we are pregant again and I have an idea of moving because I knew if we did I would have a job that I liked (Advantage to being an awesome worker is the ability to get rehired). I move and get setup and we move in with family. It was the best short time answer, however, it failed epically. She didn't like how we were raising our kid (She has issues of her own). My cousin hears of this and her and her roommate let us stay there as we were both working and would ba able to find and pay for a place relatively quick, which we did. May 2014 my son is born and things are ok but I am dealing with my depression while working 60 hours a week because us both working was unrealistic (2 kids). But I had a breaking point and that came in May 2015 when I had to fight for me to get my sons 1st birthday off. I eventually get it off because I quit, which was a horrible idea due to the fact that I was thrown into a deep depression. I never even participated in my sons first birthday. We do end up losing everything (December 2015). My fiance ends up moving across the state and I end up effectively homeless after I check myself into a psychiatric center for 3 days looking for help. I got well nothing. It was a complete waste. I end up staying yet again with family and at this point my fiance and I are still together and trying to come up with a plan to get us back on track. I start therapy and I only go a couple of times because my therapist was useless. Now I visit her for Valentines day (2016) and all goes well. We talk and decide we would take taxes and move out of state and I start looking into it. now 2 weeks later (Feb 2016) I move in with another cousin and his now-wife, I get a job and continue researching the move out of state which I start realizing is not realistic. They have a roommate also moving in. Well, their roommate and I start talking and well I am an emotional mess because I have realized we can't move and I have realized exactly how bad I treated my fiance. And instead of being responsible, I blame my fiance for everything via text and end up sleeping with my cousin's roommate. That fucked me up in more than one way. Due to that choice I destroyed everything. The girl that literally stood by me no matter what decided she had enough. Cheating was the breaking point (No I do not blame her).

April 2016 I move my now ex to the city I am and get her a job. Which meant I could spend time with my kids, But I am miserable. I threw away a lot. So we do nothing but argue.

Now Jan 2019 I check myself into the psychiatric center again and this time I am told about groups I can attend and I would get a therapist (I didn't care for her so really didn't talk).

Now I have a new therapist which I do like and she is easy to talk to.

As of now I do not have a relationship with my kids. When I was with them I would be drained and wouldn't have the patience. I am aware I am a horrible father but I can't do it and I do feel horrible.

There's some stuff I'm leaving out and/or forgetting.


https://www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealth/comments/gws3vk/comment/fsx5tqr/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
